# Bottle-Party

If you stumbled upon this you might or might not wonder what a Bottle-Party is supposed to be. Regardless of your answer, I will quickly explain. At some point in time you probably wanted to set up a gettogether with friends. Because preparation is the enemy you called it a Bottle-party and everyone who comes brings something to drink (the author suggests Gin/Tonic, the drink of the gods) or something to eat (the author suggest "western style"-chips, the food of the gods). To ensure that no wish is left unfulfilled it makes sense to create a list where everyone writes down what they intend to contribute.
The form needed for that has been created in this project. The inclined reader might suggest the use of doodle.com, but the author prefers another solution, one that requires you to carry the form around with a Laptop, one where the content of the form is lost once you accidently press f8, reloading the page.
The basic layout of the page is self explainatory. On the lefthand side there are 3 input-fields for your name and your contribution. Once you confirm your input, it is checked for completeness alerting you if necessary. Assuming valid information, a new tablerow with 4 tablecells is created dynamically by JavaScript, giving home for 3 new inputfields that display the content and a button that can be toggled to edit the content retroactively.
Input fields were chosen to display the content, to be able to easily toggle a readonly attribute with the editbutton.
The biggest challenges was to make the edit function work as intended, because I first had to know which button had been clicked (which row) and then make sure that only the input fields of that row were affected. Im quite proud of my solution of iterating a variable in the ID of each editbutton, using this variable later again the access the correct row to apply the changes to. Anything else should be rather easily comprehendable from the code.
